hi welcome to my mom's kitchen gadgets
today we're going to be reviewing the
pampered chef's mandolin we both have
this kitchen gadget and we both really
like it we're going to go through the
pros and the cons and the use of it
today it's darvis okay so the nice thing
about this mandolin is it comes with a
super safety guard you actually can't
get your fingers in it the only way that
triggers the point to come up is vais
light today we're demonstrating the
crinkle cut with a potato some things
are easier to cut obviously than others
but this cuts perfect perfect vegetables
and fruits any way that you want to cut
it also we've demonstrated cut a little
bit of a cucumber up it's a little bit
different with the cucumber as you have
to take this safety guard out in order
to hold it in so that's kind of
something that's a little bit different
about the pampered chef mandolin right
one thing that I do really like is that
it has this this pre-made vegetable
holder so it it keeps it in here so
you're not getting your fingers at all
if anybody's had a mandolin before they
know it is very tricky
do not slice your fingers that can be
very dangerous very painful
Ami's the pros to this is the safety
guard is the finger guard and and it
comes with many different attachments
can ask for different different
attachments just I can get this by
everyone it's super safety guards the
funny is the box there you go you might
have guards actually yes you could even
grade cheese and then there's straight
blade of course and it's nice they all
have those safety buds on it so you
can't just get your fingers yep
that's part about it umm the next part
is actually all the dishwasher safe so
you can totally disassemble it and and
wash it it's pretty easy to take apart
and right here
is where you're going to take the
attachment out to wash it yes it's
totally translating right out like this
and this just folds right you to store
it goes in there is wax but it's dirty
leave it off and it just stores nicely
to take on that potato come with me a
little potato okay then just right that
stores up there and then this box
actually will attach onto right here at
the end Oh awesome
stores it rhymes but I don't even know
that yeah I didn't even know that night
so the cons to this is actually
sometimes it can be harder to slice some
veggies because you have to slice um
open hand like this and you won't be
able to use this finger guard like right
and it has to fit in this hole because
this whole mechanism has to go with it
and if you want to cut to fit in the
hole perfectly right and I'm also
compared to other mainland's it's more
expensive probably this one runs about
65 about $6 it's $60 on other ones you
can find online for like forty about
forty even cheaper doin cheaper town the
other ones but it also has a huge safety
issue with some of the other ones but
overall we give us four out of five
stars we like it we use it and it's a
great kitchen gadget yes and you can
pick one up yourself at pampered chef
calm or if you know someone who sells
pampered chef a little bit works was on
Amazon yes if you want to try it on my
Amazon - yep well thanks for joining us
and see you next time